In the twentieth and twelfth centuries it was mainly about the conciliatory
Graduation from mary-jane firm pledges
definitely
Hermann 3 0 against the defending champion wins 4
then that's something special
even if the opponent is safe today
far below value matchday shrill clean time Natterer has done well
were zue
I do not think that would have voluntarily behind her 3 0 of Don Adams
even
Going higher so that was that was well so City Hall presented
weaving
Percent her heart Heinlein reasonable conclusion just in this trend the
Reasons to get in with a win now it was a very clear victory but that
Viewers the
I can enjoy it too and so more from that can be completely satisfied
or
In any case, move closer
You can spend schinazi with the Citizens today
but we managed to shoot Cem's combined goal
I want to know but also interested in whether team has played
no well-rehearsed team on the pitch but there would be the best of it
made
Swedish always nice
that of ICF is over yes
Brambauer assigned a department
after the 2 2 another team saw the
acted with a sense of self where many balls went better
This has always been important to self-confidence
fill up on the deck before the game in Dortmund
of course 2% and such
so did it well and the way could play again
I have to warn
Saturday
when other opponents are waiting for us he will not make it so easy for us
even this combination of these could then perform
percent
Inter did not play this as she actually can
Also, not so much can be left open if the game is going to spin so
Carefully blame that
that the child is just as easy as that, but if it is anyway, it is
the positive thing about this
so also a little more happy
am combining and and the interaction is good that Claudia a commissioner
the gate has made all that is important and we know that very well
he was Weber weekend that we have to grow the numbers to new order
also to be successful in Dortmund No football is that when you 2 0
who leads opponents
Do not go down every ten percent
as in the intoxication and the games it was clear were expected Saturday and Dortmund
that makes him a very different game
and not so much the same as we did in the second half today
trumps for asked about
always use good luck and happiness
So I did not want to leave in September
But in the downhill the game is over after two robbers
Singing Pop Art of Dance started
Zagat to chant that Office Dada but would defy her return on
Over the past few weeks, the little steps are important
they do it's not just episode to zero what was a big one today
step
yes it is beautiful and you have to each one we have to use every opportunity now
to develop ourselves and so on and that were always there today
is not about anything anymore
and that really does not matter what you do No that was a very important game
around and thieves the upward trend of the last
Games give support to underpin and that's why it was
for sure
In addition to this had something a bit bigger and stronger
that percent is still important
yes, just got this trust this wood it was a bit
Way and percent with its natural shape game with Russia if and where to
that can just confirm and Pröll
we have to see that this year a quote is positioned on us
for the second half of the championship get around then
really to attack again in the championship
of course nice to
already the crisis and to be met on then Anna was here again victorious
I believe that among farmers, too
footballing
Lehmann about what shown banks and exchanges
yes you can build on it but he was always there
we've got more dogged songs shot in front but nice is around
Coach Martino and each other
the piece
ordered the denture ordered self-confidence
even seduced to death at Dortmund
completely different